Add support for customizing the deletion propagation of `ManagedResources` (#14642)
gardener/gardener: docs/concepts/resource-manager.md

For these resources, the annotation "resources.gardener.cloud/ignore" needs to be set to "true" or a truthy value (Truthy values are "1", "t", "T", "true", "TRUE", "True") in the corresponding managed resource secrets.
This can be done from the components that create the managed resource secrets, for example Gardener extensions or Gardener. Once this is done, the resource will be initially created and later ignored during reconciliation.

#### Handling invalid updates

> Sometimes, an update to a resource is forbidden because immutable fields are changes (for example the referenced role of a `(Cluster)RoleBinding`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes, an update to a resource is forbidden because immutable fields are changed (for example the referenced role of a `(Cluster)RoleBinding`).
```

Author: Sorry for the typos! 🙈

> By setting the annotation `resources.gardener.cloud/delete-on-invalid-update=true` (or any trothy value) bhe resource manager can optionally delete and re-create the resource in that case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By setting the annotation `resources.gardener.cloud/delete-on-invalid-update=true` (or any truthy value), the resource manager can optionally delete and re-create the resource in that case.
```
